Now, hello everybody, I am your guest comptroller, Ryan Ridley, Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome your Game Master, Spencer Crittenden, and of course the Mayor of Harmontown, Dan
Harmontown. Thank you very much. Thank you for having me back. Here, here in the City of
Angels. Did you know that's what Los Angeles means? Yeah, of course. So where's the city
part of that? That's a Los Angeles. Where does it, where's the, I know it's enough Spanish to know
we're being taken for a ride. Yeah. It means the city of angels. No, I think it means the angels.
Did you get, or, or, or Los Angeles is like short for some ridiculous, stupid, long name. Did
you guys know that? Los Ciudad de Angeles? No, it's, it's, I mean, it's at least four times that
many syllables, I believe. I don't know it. So this is worthless. I stopped listening because I was,
not because, because I'm a flawed person is why I stopped listening. Well, I mean, you made the
right choice. No, no, don't, don't self deprecate. It was a dead end. How are you doing, Ridley? I'm
good. I'm a lot less nervous than the last time I was here. Yeah. Still more nervous than Jeff,
though. Oh God, yeah. Yeah. Of course. He's never, is he ever nervous? Any, any time? I think he
channels it via like tubes down his back, like actual, actual visible tubes down like, that's why
he always wears a suit. It's, it's to mask his, his dune armor that like goes into his balls,
obviously, because the more nervous he should be, the bigger his balls get, which makes you go,
oh, he's not nervous. And he's like, not anymore. Not thanks to ball direct. And, and, and some of
you ladies, and I'm not, I, I, I, I, my, my, my strong fierce, totally equal agency addicted
Armenian females. You're going, what's the big deal with balls? What about the puffy parts of
the labia? Is that the, do you don't, you don't go by where just the part where on the body where
it hangs down? Yeah. No. All right. I'll keep researching. I was, I was trying to come in,
you know, I was trying to be an understanding man, but I guess I need to look into it a little
more. I know it's the ovaries. Okay, so my lovely speaking of labia, my wife, Erin McGathy, or as
they call her in her homeland, Erin McGathy, she's over in Ireland right now. She left for New
York to go on an out a month long vision quest. You said something like identity quest is what
I said identity quest because vision quest sat, we say that now to, I think impune. If your friend,
Kevin, you know, sarcastic, yeah, you're kind of like, Oh, Kevin's on his vision. Walk about, maybe
we should bring back vision quest is kind of like, we need to let that soil heal. And let me shed
an extra tear for the Native American people who came up with the vision quest as far as I know,
only to see it go from being magical to hack. Like, imagine that they're like, now that first,
first my life, then, then all this litter in the seven days. Now, now my comedic chops.
They get it, they get a tough break. No, I'm, no, I'm the new Abe Lincoln,
says a guy who's effectively slaughtered by Lincoln, slaughtered by him. Every slave he
freed cost an Indian a life. Look it up. Don't look it up. Don't look it up because I'm afraid
I'm wrong. Don't look it up because let's, don't, don't, don't spend your night that way. Don't,
don't, don't look it up because you have people in your life that need you and neighbors that are
afraid of you. I don't even know how you'd look that up. What would that even look like in a Google
search? What would the results be? I don't want to answer the question because they'd have to break
it down into funny things about actual genocidal statistics. Speaking of statistics, I don't know.
I don't want to jump to that. Erin's in Ireland and she's done it different times outside. I don't
know. She's sending me police brutality statistics. So we'll get, we'll check in with her department
and just a while we've got, we've got Fred, Fred Rickson on the Fred floor. Fred, how's it go
down with all those friends? Well, the friends are spread from floor to ceiling. It's a Fred room.
All right, Fred. We'll more on that later. Now we go to Steve. Steve, what's going on in Hawaii?
Well, I bet you thought there was going to be steves here, but I'm just in Hawaii. Back to you,
Rick. Fred, Fred, are you okay? Oh my God, Fred's drowning in Fred's. Steve, do something. I'm in
Hawaii, Rick. I can't do anything. Was your name Rick? So, so she's in Hawaii. She's not in Hawaii.
She's in, she's in Ireland, Erin. And, you know, I had to, I, I, I have to, you know, I have, like,
I like, you know, I was like, like, she was, she was registering a satyr things earlier before me,
and then checking it with me and going, you know, I'm leaving for a month. And I'm like, yeah,
yeah. And then she's like, well, are you sad that I'm leaving for a month? And I'm like,
yeah, of course, I feel these things differently than you, you know, like, and I do. And I did.
And I, but, and then I like an hour before she, her car pulled up to the hotel in New York,
I was like, I just wave of panic with a maximum of three days ever. And I'm not seeing this person. And,
and yeah, just, and then I was so excited to text her, I'm really pumped out. And she was like,
yay. So, you know, stuck her in a car and off she goes to the airport to go to Ireland, her,
her, her ancestral homeland, where she's, it's, it's a, it's a, you did that, you did the Israeli
version of this. This is a, it's a goy kibbutz. Much more dangerous. Not that it's a competition,
but I was definitely risking my life more. We must have talked about this on the show. But when
you went, I had all other friends that went to Israel and did the thing and they said that they
were decoy bus stops, decoy bus secret, secret real bus stops down in a secret place and then a big
fake public Sesame Street bus stop for, for getting blown up. So it still results in people getting
blown up? No, no, no, they don't send people to, no, it's they tell everybody, just for Jews,
the secret, it's a secret. But look, I heard this from a Jewish guy. This is not me. I'm, I will
be very happy to find out this isn't true. I mean, you guys sound like Smurfs a little bit. Well,
nobody told me about the secret bus stops. I bet it was like one thing. I bet it was like a,
I bet it was like a, I bet that's an urban legend created from somebody. I, from like one stretch
of road where they built a, you know, like it was some apocryphal, like based on a real one real
incident. The closest ever, I was in a bus stop in the West Bank and there was a concrete slab
next to it. And they said it was because the snipers protected you from snipers. Just that was
real. Just while you're at the West Bank, because that's where all the money is or
that's the opposite. That's where all the money is not. When they, when they added the ATMs at
the West Bank, they had to, they had to add a sniper barrier. Oh God, Dan. Get them while they're
withdrawing their money from the West Bank. I'm going to look it up later and I'm going to have
a really smart conversation about Israel. On the same side is the Indians slaves. Yes. Yeah. So
geopolitically, I'm on it. And, and my, and so what, what Erin is on is sort of a, yeah, it's the,
it's the, she, it's not, she, it's, it's like a website that like, I don't even know. I can't
describe it without making it sound silly. It's a, it's a, it's a website that pairs people that
are looking to travel with a organic farm, like non-profit kind of, a network of, a non-profit
network of organic farms or businesses that, and then the people can go and like, I think work for
room and board, but then you get to just stay there for, you know, so, so, you told me it was an
Irish kebuts. An Irish kebuts. And then I understood what you meant. Yeah. What, what's a non-Irish kebuts?
A kebuts. What is? The kind in Israel, I guess. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna describe a real kebuts
because I, I'm, I, it'll somehow I'll walk over some tripwire. Say something anti-semitic again.
Yeah. I'll, I'll sound, I won't say something anti-semitic. Talk in your description, possibly
be more offensive than the ATM flypaper. Well, that's not, okay. See, you're drawing the anti-semitic
dots of like, Jews and money. I get what you're drawing. The line came out of your mouth between
the two dots. West, west bank, bank, it's a, the word bank. Oh my God. Wait, no one, that was just a
horrible coincidence. Wait, so you guys were just hanging out in a world where I like, hate Jews
and, and then I think it's hilarious that I hate them. And then I'm like, well, I got one. They're
getting their money because they're Jews. I've been hanging out in that world for 10 years. That's
as long as I've known you. Well, can somebody, can you put a special tone in the podcast recording?
Because if they're a test group, then 2 million people are about to think that I, and they won't
wait this long. You can't delete the Vulture headline. You can't unwrite the 20 pages that are
about to get published in salon that you can write in 10 minutes. I think it'd be fine. I'm your
Robin Quivers. All right. What's a kibbutz? It's like a commune, basically. Oh, in Israel. That's
all it is. Okay. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. Do you know what a commune is? Oh, yeah. Okay. Very disappointing.
You go and you, you ho, you ho a potato or what's a Jewish potato? What's an Israeli potato? A lot.
Oranges, actually. What did you say? A latke. A latke. You know, I was going to make that joke. I was like, say latke, it'll get a laugh. And I was like, no, give the real information. And I said oranges. Or dates. I was just so shaken by the bank thing. Like I was just like, yeah, I'm six years old. It's a bank, right? And everyone's like, Oh my God. But you were still talking about how the Jews were
coming there to get money out. Well, who cares? Yeah, I'm not dumb. Like I'm not, I'm not, I'm not Peter Sellers and being there. I'm not, I'm not like, Oh, I'm so innocent. I'm just saying like my intent couldn't have been
worth it. I was doing dumb wordplay. Yeah, I can still call them Jews and say that they're going there. I didn't mean that it wasn't making the. Yeah. No, oh, no, no. Okay, so Aaron's in Ireland. She's on a kibbutz, essentially, which you know, you now know what that is. I do. And she's gone. She's
she's she's she's ethereal. She's watching. She's right there. But I mean, I can't touch her. And I thought, you know, the car drives away. And I went I had a little I had a little surprise cry in like a bathroom. But like, and then I was like, but I really and I pushed it down. There was the wrong kind of laugh from the back.
Thank you. We now live in a world where we know the different kinds of laughs. That was a was the wrong kind of laugh. I'm not I'm not judging you. You're free to stay. But I know you are judging me. And I'm calling you out. Hashtag cancel the back row.
So so, I but then so then I suppress it all and I suppress it with the fabric of I go, I get to play really, really uninterrupted video games, like, I don't think and I don't I don't I don't think that, you know, Aaron, the truth is Aaron never stopped me, you know, she was never the reason. But there was just like I just mean with impunity with no guilt, no shame, you know, like,
Which is a dangerous thing because I have a lot of shit to do like Erin would always be she's like
It's five in the morning, and I'd be like so what you're not my real mom
But now it's just like oh shit, I forgot to feed the fish or something
You know I was like I stuff will grow on me if I'm not careful
So but but still I'm very excited and I and I hook up the the shadows of Mordor a game
Yeah, these kids know what I'm talking about
They like they like the shadows of Mordor
And they're going through the tutorial, you know every video game now has the you know action video game has like the the parts where
You know they they sometimes they work it into the narrative. Sometimes they just go. Hey, here's a tutorial a lot of them seem
Hard-pressed to work into the narrative. I don't know why you couldn't just say me in the training part
Yeah, I was like like it seems like we were about 15 years in now of all video games being ironic and working it into the narrative
Mm-hmm. I don't know if I think they're putting too much effort on themselves
I think I know I mean I don't play a lot of video games
You're talking about in elder scrolls when you're in the prison and you in oblivion and you get
That's good
That's like a good version of it because you're doing real stuff
But it's like the bad ones are like your friend winslow comes over and he's like for old-time stick
Why don't you wave the stick around?
You know I thought the weird the weird ones are the ones where they're actually telling you that
I think the weirdest one so far is
New Vegas because they your character is waking up from a near-fatal head wound
A doctor has fixed your brain and is doing a checkup on you
And so so he wants to make sure your brain works, right?
So he asks you to
Associate certain things and the whole time you're like well come on. I know I'm I know I know when you ask me that what you really mean is
Do I want to be a demolitions expert?
Uh-huh, but it also just weird that you're asking me to form my own brain from a head injury
Like I'm always gonna think whatever I blow myself up later
I'm gonna be like I bet I was supposed to be a sniper and I bet I'm and I bet they shot the judgment part out of my brain
So I'm a monster in this game
Anyways the so but they but they they always walk you through. Okay. Here's how you crouch
Here's how you run here's how you and what are the big things this stealth attack at the beginning of of
of
Shadows of Mordor you're learning how to stealth attack, but they do a very clever thing because they're also weaving this horrible tragic thing
But this guy who's lost his wife to orcs and goblins and things he's woke up woken up as a half-dead
Wraith like being who's tied to another being's curse to be a spirit of vengeance against these orcs and mourners
such an awesome game and
The but and and so you you're having flashbacks as your tutorials on how to operate the character
so the way you learn to
Stealth kill people is like two minutes into the game where I'm like alright like I cried
I missed my wife
but
Fucking on the other hand, huh?
shadows of Mordor
I know this and I wrote it down because it's it at the bottom of the screen you have it you literally have a
bouquet of flowers in your hand and
Your wife is up ahead and it and you it teaches you stealth by you hiding so that you can surprise her better
And it says at the bottom of the screen while in stealth press X to kiss your wife
And I just
I
Didn't start balling. I fucking nailed her. I gave her the flowers
I'm gonna kick ass at splitting people's throats on this game
But but I was giving her a flower that I was just crying
That's like the equivalent of the wax on wax off like you learn
You're slitting orc's throat
You're saying for me or you for the character the character
I think the character of the game learned how to slit throats, huh? They're not teaching you that he's learning how to
Using flowers
The craziest like mentor in the world because of his romance training he's able to be an elite assassin
Yeah, or because he's such a lethal assassin recognizes the to kill his nose to love This is like a downer
But there's like a call-a-duty game where like you attend a funeral and you can press X
So you're supposed to press X to pay respects to the fallen
But you can mess up like if you don't approach it at the wrong angle like you could press
It'll also pop up press like control pad to vault over the gravestone. It's just some bad
I love I love those unintentional social the things that like all video games have that to the extent that they try to simulate reality
Try to simulate a world and individuality. There's always these gaps where it just it's like
It's hilarious like like unavoidably
sociopathic like the which are three that they like you walk into a guy's hut and
He and and you go hey, I'm here about the thing you put on the board. Oh, yes, my Jessica
Oh, they found her bones outside the troll cave, but the blood trail let off the cliff
I keep telling the preacher that her soul won't come back tormented, but he's making me tie this ear to a branch
I'm afraid ghouls will come and try to eat me because they'll be attracted by the my daughter's rotting human flesh
So could you come with me and just stave off the ghouls so I can summon my daughter's ghost and just murder her
With the arms of her lover
To banish her soul for all of eternity
And I'll give you I'll give you 20 silver pieces and then and then just just one of your four options is like
How about a hand of Gwent?
Which is like this card game and the thing it's just it's just like you
Just going you know checkers
Oh, you want it you're asking me if you'd rather play Gwent instead or you're offering them a deck of Gwent you're
My punchline demands of really religious knowledge of what you're three
And I apologize for that I was on a I was on a roll halfway through and I was like this is this train is not coming
To the station they think it is and I could have ripped something, but then it would have been like I would you would have gotten like
Why would you play checkers and I
Stuck I tried I'm really sorry about everything that happened
But but all those RPG games they're always like
You know there's like somebody that's like they're just talking forever
Sometimes about like corpses of their ancestors and stuff and you can always just go like so what have you got for sale?
Because they just happen to also be a blacksmith could you make me a hammer?
I love the idea of a guy that would really be like that
People
Listen about that thing earlier
Here's your hammer so your wife. Oh God. Thank God. I guess you're just like a strange person, but I
I hear I as I said at the top of the conversation your reputation precede you
I'm very disturbed because I have shadows and borders and they're great. It's like a Batman thing
Hey, what's this the video game show? I don't know. What did you think it was Troy?
Is that somebody in the audience your picture? Yeah?
Yeah, raise your hand Troy
And your name might not be Troy. I hate video games, and I love Dan Harmon
So I I did that person deserves actually a lot of attention
I think I'm Troy
But I just I'm just talking about in general like like you don't have to have any familiarity with video games for this conversation to
Happen so as I've often said the thing that I love most about these video games is inventory management. I
Love I love no matter what the games like I demand that it be really good
But you know with the combat that I gotta kill a dinosaur and I gotta but I will always like 90% of the game as
Anybody that's ever come into my home will tell you like it's just me that it's just a screen of tax
And I'm just like sorting cabinets
I
Said and then once I do like I stop playing like I'm like these are my fishing rods. These are my
Magical swords. These are these are my swords that I'm probably gonna sell because let's face it. I don't need them, but I
Also don't need the money at this point because I kind of gotta think down to a system
These are my wolf pelts
These are my uncured wolf pelts because the thing is if you there's a guy in the other town that if you sell them to him
He'll give you an extra gold piece if you do that a thousand times you that's a good way to spend an hour
I just like I I'm obsessed I become obsessed with these things that I'm not obsessed with in real life
But then the other the only other thing that I like Ryan
Yeah, and this is this is come this is a segment called
dark confessions
Is there a music cue for I know I'm hitting you kind of off-card there
Yeah
So I the shadows of murder made me look friendly I connected the dots because I'm like why not I like this game
I like Assassin's Creed. I like the Batman games. I like these aspects of these games. I like stalking and killing
Yeah, I like specifically stalking and killing. Yeah, not fair fighting people
Not being honorable. Like I like creepy
Horrible I know this actually
Like creepy like like like like like 70s serial killer
You don't remember because we were the one time I did play video games ten years ago
We were both playing oblivion and I found out that that was the difference between you and me
Because I like to go charging into battle with the sword
Swinging face-to-face with my opponents and you're like no I sneak up behind them and slip their throats
And I was like what's the fun in that?
Because you're because it's a lot. It's like not playing the game
Who is the time I do I do
Like if you would watch me well now you can with twitch
But if you want but but but I would have like if you see me the way that I play video games
Well, I'm like I like it's just I'm always thinking like like I'll just find some fucking cabinet or like like a little
Railing or something where like it's shaped weird so the
Wiggle in there and then the mind just wait for the monsters to go
And then I'm like coward bomb
And it takes like two damage away and they're like
And I'm like I got you motherfucker. Yeah hole in the system
It may only be two points of damage, but it's it adds up baby
And so then someone will come in the room and go what are you doing? And I'll go I'm slowly blowing up an elephant gorilla
That I could probably kill with three hits, but
Then I'd have to suffer the indignity of that fucking thing touching me
Thinking that it's better than me. I just I like these guys like these I like these shadows of Mordor is like
It's the ultimate. This is the thing. It's like this is why I now know what I've been doing
In with video games my whole life because shadows of Mordor says it you get your throat slit in the beginning of the game
And you wake up a ghost man in hell world
So you kind of don't belong there, but so like everyone's expendable. There's no guilt
Everyone's an asshole. You're an asshole land which is run by the people that already killed you your wife's already dead
Your kids are already dead. You have no idea what's going on, but there's a ghost man saying you have ghost powers now
Go fucking kill people
And but but and here's how you really kill him nice like over you get behind
Oh, if you press the X button, then you just rub their windpipe and you suck their life essence into your sword
And then you take your sword you stick it and the sword gets more power the harder you choke them
And once your sword's full you can stick it in a stone and get a bigger hand for choking two throats at once
I
Dark confessions I fear now as a 42 year old like like as we enter the world of increased like virtual
I now I now I'm now I'm my mom like now. I'm ready to say this is gonna be trouble
Like now I'm willing to say I think of a 14-year-old kid could put on a helmet
Yeah, and like walk around a virtual house with a knife and practice
Being being Michael Myers from Halloween
Like like I that that the kid I don't now I can't now. I don't know now. I'm now. I'm just old
But but but I'm good to get to do it all
But then I'm like a choker in the game wouldn't he be satisfied being Michael Myers and just the VR world
You think you know, and then there's the question of like well if they have the technology to simulate that then they have the technology to simulate you
Preventing it and you know understanding that it's wrong and stuff, which is what our current video games are there's I heard somebody make a titter
You think that that's silly
Oh
Wow, I met that I said you mean do good but through video games
I think I think we're kind of seeing that shift right wait a minute
My brother told me he did Oculus Rift demos and he said that one of them is you walk through a party
Both as someone getting from the POV of someone getting date raped and also the date
So like you kind of see you like
Well, okay
And it was meant to be an educational like don't date rape people not here's how you do it
Well, that's I mean the funny thing is that's that's like a new face on something
It was like empathizing with the victim or something the origins of pornography is like like it had to originally start as like
Refor madness, you know, it's like show you let's show you people smoking pot. Let's show you what you you want to come
You're fascinated with pot smoking. So you're gonna come see this movie called reefer madness
We're gonna we're gonna be protected because we're gonna be telling you blah blah blah and then pornography started as sex ed
Kind of videos. I like oh look at Sally the slut. Here's how you recognize her
She'll be tromping around showing game when it's not called for to provide her job
That's too much gam Sally
You just got a you're a hope you got enough more gam to walk to the skid row
And they said what if we take the narrator out
That's the history of pornography, right
I'd say after they slowly were like well, how educational is this I I just came back from a test screening of Sally slut and
There weren't a lot of
A lot of guys
demurely respecting the the film craft by holding their hats in their laps
I just I projected on to that like I just heard really like my older brother going like that's that's a sentence
Well, it wasn't like it wasn't like a buckled over belly laugh is what you're probably hearing
It was like a you know slow air escaping from a balloon. I guess that was kind of funny laugh
Yeah, yeah, but don't you do that when something's really really unfunny sometimes. Yeah, yeah, it wasn't your best work
No, no, I and you know what? I'm making it up as I go you asshole
All right, so that when in stealth press X to kiss your wife just just that doesn't necessarily have to be the title of tonight's podcast
But it it's I think I it's words to live by
I
Was gonna call. Oh, no see it now. Okay. Nope thought I had something to talk. Nope. All right. Nope
Nope
No, nothing much really to talk about
Rick and Morty's doing doing doing good
The last of the leaked episodes airs tonight. Yeah
Well, yeah, zone chinks it baby. Did anybody watch it yet the leaked episode
Really wait, so which one is tonight last week was the his ex-girlfriend. No, no, that's tonight. Oh really?
Oh that one leaked. That's why everyone was telling me good. So it airs tonight. Okay. Yeah
Kids that one's a bummer these kids hard to write for hard to sell to and then they go and steal it
And then you try to give them something they think will be neat. Okay, you're into that stuff
How about an Apple watch? They don't even buy it. They don't like it. They say it's dumb
They say it's like a tiny iPhone on your wrist. Why would I have that? I?
Need my free hand for for snoggin
Polyamorous holographic snoggin
Speaking of shifting definitions and things I don't want to I don't want to
I don't even know what my job is in this situation, but I feel like I don't have a job. There is no job
There's no policing. There's nothing going on, but I thought it's interesting like part of the conversation to bring up that like
like very funny
Rory Albany's on last week in New York and like I
Was sitting there, so I think like
Like there was a there was a really uncomfortable kind of coincidence that happened
Which was that like I don't know Rory Rory was not looking at if you're if you're listening to the podcast Rory
Is not looking at Jane. I don't think I don't think he knows
Jane exists or where Jane is Rory is hearing about Jane verbally and
And so you look like and then there's a point where Rory is a as a stand-up comic coming from a certain like
some 90% of the time admirable like instinct for skepticism of of social trend and fad and group think and things is
Still it was like like heard it
I think got got the name wrong Jan or Jane or something wasn't looking at Jane
But then like went on went into a kind of riff about and I know it's okay to have boobs these days
And I was over whatever you want or is the transgender thing and I was like, oh god
This is terrible. It's just Jane really Jane is a trans
Harmontown fan and the the that that that's what happened
It was just sort of a bumper car crash and I didn't you know
I I thought it was good to let the traffic keep moving rather than stop down the entire show
And yeah, like I knew that I knew that Jane would probably most likely be tickled by the whole thing
But and I have no idea if anything happened online as a result of that. We're living in tender times
and I
But I but I did see a tweet or two that implied that maybe I don't know conversation got generated about that moment because it's like a really
important like
Bottle neck that we're going through all at the same time
And so there's conversation generated on there. I just for for my part until I don't know any more information
I just wanted to say I was sitting there on the stool and I know there was no
That you you no one was witness to a microaggression. I almost feel dumb like like like being a traffic cop for that
But I I I'm I'm always like the most bumped out about people hurting each other's feelings
Because I know that nobody wants to I know nobody would ever there's so few people that would ever make that choice if somebody's actually
By the way, here's a trick like if somebody's like saying something hurtful to you
And it's either a misunderstanding or like they're putting so much energy into trying to hurt you that like they
They must be anticipating the same from you
There's no other reason why they would do that, you know
And then they're always drawing that energy from some some other part of them. That's like a
Great place for a sneak attack, which is like their respect receptor
Like if somebody's like being a total piece of shit to you
Like there's almost nothing to lose by even giving that that that first shot
Which is just just being nice, which by the way Jane always does like Jane always meets that stuff with total resilience and and
Compassion which is the makes you wobble and goes like oh, I thought this whole thing was about making me feel bad
So anyways, I got high before the show and I
I don't know who any of these people are I
What's it only heard the episodes I've actually been on so it's two
You can reference those episodes. I'll know what you're talking about
But didn't he say he used to he played a lot of Gwent that guy Rory. I think yeah
He's yeah, Rory Rory who's awesome by the way. I was doing this IFC pilot with us a really really really cool guy
Yeah, he was it he said he stopped playing the game. I think because he was just playing Gwent. Yeah
Well, if you overheard that then it was him for sure. Yeah. Yeah, yeah
He played he goes he plays for the Gwent for you with your three fans. That's some Witcher 3 comedy for you
He plays for the Gwent. Holy shit. We're gonna bring our guests up. Jesus Christ
What the fuck I was just gonna say something fuck
What were you gonna say Ryan? I was gonna say let's keep the show moving because that's what a comptroller supposed to do
Right in what way should we keep the troll show moving Comptroller Ridley? Let's bring up our guests. Oh shit, man
Introduce our guests. Oh, that's all right. Sorry. I was reading text from from Aaron excellent Comptroller. Thank you
Oh, well, we'll bring our guests up and then we'll read them police brutality statistics
Okay, no, I gotta go back to the hold up
I have to find the Dan was saying in the last four days 500 people have been killed by cops
It's funny because it's not true right
No, I got it. I got it. I got it a little wrong. All right. Jesus Christ
Could somebody put kerosene on my face and light it on fire? Oh?
To just burn off some of the sweat
Or or is your towel dying up here. I'm like Louis Armstrong
But I didn't I haven't earned it. I mean he's like blowing into a tube. Yeah
So these guys are a recent addition recent relative to us were old-timers recent addition to the Feral Audio Network
They had this show that they started doing called before you were funny, which is a really interesting concept
We live in Los Angeles like we're surrounded by geniuses all the time and
People we admire even ourselves sometimes
And then you really like you open up to yourself yourself and your closest friends about the like really hack shit
You did unless you're some kind of weird
Deformed prodigy that was like writing good comedy when you were 13 years old you probably went through this horrible hack phase
So it's a really refreshing show. I I took part in it Aaron's done it
It's it's it's really great
It's like when you get the right group of people these like really funny people that come together and reveal that when they were
22 25 27 whatever it is that they wrote these horrible and funny things and they they read through them and they it's an
Uplifting experience. It's not claustic. I wouldn't tolerate it otherwise
Did you hear my 38 minute what is your point transgender monologue? I
Obviously care
About something
That has clearly to do with me being perceived as a good person and and stops completely right there
And does no one else any good. I just have this really tight bubble around me of good intention
Yeah, you don't have to try so hard man. You are a good person if anyone's love ever finds himself looking over here
In this corner of the room
Just want you to notice I'm a feminist
Hello boy, oh boy, is that bad what we do to black people? Hello?
Just over here. I brought some
Cal Cal Cal Cal Cal Calamari frozen. I don't know how to make it. I'm white. Ah, I'm so white
When's the bachelor coming on
Okay, I
Had to give him a place for my improv training put him at a bachelor
Viewing party
So these guys have the show it's called before you were funny
Let's let's meet them and pick their brains about this weird ver done that they live in Justin Michael and Jacob Reed
Hello, hello, how are you? Sorry about the wait
Wait was great. I'm not we learned about a lot of social issues. Okay. Good. Yeah
Are you guys all you guys air tight now and how to feel about yeah about me? Yeah? I'm a good person
I
Don't know how to tell you how to feel about gun controls global warming transgenders
What do we got it? We need a noun that describes the issue the because I keep going transgender
movement
Yeah
Transgender issue trans genderism transgen. Yep. Yeah, I'll take that. I don't know that that makes it tell
That's what if we just refer to BT rights. Huh?
I look to you like you were saying that and that was now you
I'm not gonna memorize the bunch of letters that don't spell something. I says I can remember
Lgbt why I don't know whether to respect it or get order it
So if those
If those if that acronym had vowels in it and made a word then it would be better
Yeah, like if it like us and it would have to spell something cool like the tree or something
sword
If he rearranged them enough it would spell something. I mean, it's like but quibital quibital
Equipital a thing that you slice somebody with yeah quibital for a week when I would have a flu
So if you guys and you're how many how many how long have you been doing this experiment of
Inviting people to bring their really the shit that they would never want anyone to hear if they were invested in protecting their image
three years
As like a good show yeah, and then like six years probably we did it six years ago like twice and then
Stopped because there was zero audience for the first year
Yeah, and then and we table they were like we should wait until we until more of our friends become famous and want to do this
right
And also yeah, the thing I'm curious about in in that time
So I'm trying to I'm trying to be a better interviewer
But so part of it was me realizing that you're not supposed to ask things that you think an interviewer should ask
He's supposed to ask things that you actually want to know so I was thinking about what I want to know and
The thing is when you hear it, it's not gonna be that you're gonna be like we can't answer that
But what I really want to know is
Like when you're like who there's must be you now have you guys have
You guys have an encyclopedic
library of
Diff of the ways people handle embarrassing themselves. Oh, yeah, so you must you do you have a shorthand for oh
He's a Henry
Like like he's gonna he's gonna bring he's gonna bring in the shit that he actually thinks is funny
And you're gonna be able to tell you do bring in things that they think is funny
And then you know but and then they're like oh it didn't go over well because people are expecting bad things
Right, I think it's a defense mechanism because you're like wow is that bring your most terrible stuff
But I'll bring my stuff. It's still a show which is the word. I mean that's such an understandable logical decision
But yeah, so you can see how that's I think isn't that isn't that what we're all doing all the time. Aren't we all going?
well, you know they say
You love me, but you know like you I guess that is that you'd love me more if I was a little different
Like and we don't we don't we're not ourselves therefore
We know our warts are not showing therefore our our actual like most amazing moments are kind of through a weird gauze
The best stuff is always this stuff that people are horrified when they realize how bad it is like a lot of the time people will
Will send us stuff without having read it ahead of time, which is what we suggest
But I mean I would read stuff before I send it to someone. I think you'd be crazy not to but a lot of people
Do what we ask and send it sight unseen and then as they're reading it
They realize how truly terrible it is and those are the best reactions in the world
Yeah, we had one that they realized halfway through the sketch that only the stage direction was racist
The sketch itself was not but the way in which they described right it was very
specifically mentioning the ethnicity of characters who were coming in but it didn't play into the sketch
Well that one when you say it that way that says racist as three years ago in network TV like that
But but I thought I thought you meant like like it would say like like
Demorige and the boys are hanging out like that's how I mean there is stuff like that for sure
Yeah, Demorige Demorige is regularly on the show and he is that he had a story about a commercial that the
Matches that definition that the descriptions were racist. There is anything they were saying that the guy though
They were spelling it wrong because they were I'm assuming because a group of black people like there's some of the vowels come out and stuff
Because the just in the state in the stage direction
anyways, the I'm a good person and
And if I had been at that audition, I would have pulled the more John of there. I said you're better than this
What is it about us at like at that a because I I brought in something to your show that it's like whatever
It was something from when I was like 12 or 13 or something in Jack. No
Very early he visioned that was actually meant to be a compliment
We just we just screamed it and everyone enjoyed it and then what do we call the show?
But I think you guys recommend don't bring stuff in from your childhood because then it's like what you know the line between like
Oh, how adorably bad at writing. I was at 12. Yeah, but like the really important thing is this idea that
that
You know, I don't know what age we think it is in our heads, but like oh my god, you're gonna read that thing
I wrote when I was 23. I think it's college
Yeah, I mean, it's it's that it's that age between and I don't know what's supposed to happen to you in that age
Except for you writing badly that's supposed to make you so good on the other side. Do we worship the idea of are we supposed to be?
Perfect, that's how it feels sometimes like we're supposed to we're supposed to never have done anything wrong
Which is very it doesn't make any logical sense when you think about it
But it is how we feel right you're never supposed to have done anything wrong
Yeah, I think I mean I think what for me what I would put please keep turn your phone on
Vibrate we have people I
Think
Yeah, it would what is fun about it for me is getting to see people who I admire who I'm friends with and
Realize that we were all and sometimes still are just like terrible at what we all love doing and even even great
People will bring in stuff that's like maybe a year old that just wasn't
Good, they're just throwing shit at a wall and seeing what sticks, but I think it's like oh, they're trying right right
And there's this idea that like when you watch people you love you're like oh
They must have been perfect the whole time right and there I mean do you think that do you think that Salinger like?
I mean, I haven't read catcher on the rise as they made me read a chapter and then I just fucking got the cliff notes
But like supposedly isn't this really I mean that was his whole trip is that he dedicated his life to this idea that like
Now his books are gonna come out of a magic chest once a year whatever everything was like batten down like like no
Look, there's no there's no transparency there
Who wants to who wants to listen to Anne Rice disown the vampire movies?
Who wants to I don't want to see what JK Rowling's having for breakfast. I there's holes everything's of the where these people were creative
And now they're just now they're just boring terrible people JD Salinger
He wrote one book one book the most perfect book ever and then he done any boarded himself up in a basement
But you could hear the typewriter clicking away
And every once in a while they say the squirrel's breath carries a paper pulp on it
But well the one day form and they say there's a New York Times is holding the last will and the JD Salinger
Well once again have written the second perfect book. Well, what if it what if it was like better than anyways?
Like how wait why?
Now I'm being rhetorical because I know we're all asking the same question, right? But like like what?
What the fuck what kind of person would that be would we even like that person?
We always think it about the people that we admire we think that they're better than us
We know we don't just think oh, they must have fucked up really bad
We have had a couple people who bring stuff that's like that they
They truly think it's terrible like they're not trying to trick the show by bringing stuff
They think is great, but they are just so funny that even their terrible stuff is great
And yeah hate them for it because they just have been funny
They're humiliated by an amazing sketch, right or like we had a Rob Delaney
Did it early stand-up set that like almost verbatim of how he would have done it back in the day?
But then pointed out like it was all very funny
But he pointed out with each joke like why he doesn't think it's funny now
And it was more of just like I wouldn't make that he was saying like he wouldn't make that kind of joke now because that's just not
What a sense of humor is so sometimes it's it's not as much about like oh you were shitty then it's like oh
You've been funny the whole time, but your perspective has changed, right?
That's not a funny answer, but
That's the truth. I mean maybe one day in the future. You'll have the perfect funny funniest answer. No, that's the answer. I wanted
No, it's not what am I talking about?
There was a random answer. I don't want to read that
I thought it was a very interesting like I it's it's because I wouldn't Aaron did the show
Arons was amazing. Yeah, so like late bears. She she was she was writing. She was she wasn't there weren't letters to her
English teacher plays they were plays, but they were clearly like she was it was fanfiction for her own life
Then only she had read before right and and yeah, and then yeah, and did like it was
a
Very transparent like attempt at a sort of seduction of this teacher
I think I think the plan was that she was going to
Everyone in her class had to write these plays these like one act and hers involved a character loosely based on her and a character
loosely based on her teacher
having a
Liaison after school, but having kind of a snarky like it was definitely not it was clearly this
And this is the thing that would like make me cringe the most like we were talking about these bear wires that I think
Your show at its best is like this was energy is coming from these exposed wires
the most the to me listening to those
Pieces she was reading the craziest thing about them was that she didn't
She didn't just want to have sex with her teacher like she the way she was
Explored like she wanted to be married to him and she wanted to like she wanted to have sassafras with her like she
Wanted like like like it didn't have it
I mean it was like they were talking about sex, but it was more like like it was like if a 16-year-old
Like what a 16-year-old thinks that all of that stuff would be yeah
Like like yeah, she wanted to have like this repartee and like yeah
And and that was like like crazier than if she had just said his hand touches her boom
I
Was just telling them what boobs do
What did you say oh just the idea that a teacher says they're that long after class to is like
Oh, you must be burning the midnight oil every night an element or a middle school teacher
Walking out and getting the fuck home. Yeah, exactly, but it is it's exposed
I think that's that's the thing. It's like nobody
What is that like like it's when your intent is so clear when it's like crystal clear
I think the best stuff comes from the end of high school and the beginning of college because that's when you
You're at the center of the world to yourself more than the world's so big
Right like you just realize the world's bigger than it's ever been and you're gonna be a part of your right at this
I don't know that you're wrong
And everything that you do is something you're inventing because you haven't seen
Hardly anything you've got you've had a chance to see four things
So you're definitely not gonna write where the red fern grows again
But everything else you're convinced you're creating you're like holy shit, man
I'm gonna like and it's so
Like like God forbid that you ever get that insulation
I feel like your friends that go to film school
You know that was always the cliche when we first came out here to LA
It was like oh, he must have gone to film school because we just had an hour lunch with him and we talked about 20 movies
And he never smiled, you know, and we talked about what kind of movie we want to make with our
You know camcorders and he you know, he was paralyzed because he must have gone to film school because you're you're for four years
You're sitting there watching everything and learning
What everybody's ever thought that ever picked up a camera and it fills you with like well who's little old me
Yeah, it's before you realize that I think
When you become an adult, which I'm not claiming to be but you
You realize like someone has done a good version of a lot of different things already and it's
Crippling because what the fuck are you gonna add?
But yeah, that at the heart of that fear though
It can't just possibly be because we're not that noble that we would just think well, I wouldn't want to be I wouldn't want to do a
worse job of writing a
Book about a car that eats people than Stephen King. It's it's there's a there's a one thing right after that
And that's actually what we're worried about. It's the then everyone will make fun of me, right?
Then everybody it's not it's not actually the book being bad
It's like people will think that I'm stupid people will think that I think that I invented
Cars that eat people and and then they'll be like, you know, you didn't invent that, right?
And I'll be like fuck you fuck you like like I just I'm not gonna
No, no, no, I'm not gonna enter this game until I'm safely away from all the double Dutch
And like I'm gonna do this perfect Mary Lou Retton this handspring through it. What the what in the fucking
42 year old man
And then I'm gonna land a Frogger game and just get the Pokemons
We started in a car that eats people. Yeah. Yeah, Christine
Yeah, I'm holding that up. I was like, oh, I didn't want to get anything wrong about Anna Karenina the
The thing is by the way Stephen King himself has done multiple versions of the I'm gonna one up the car that eats people
It's a washing machine that eats people. Yeah, and he has a lot of trucks that eat people like he's done his own
Most of the people that you think are great
Which is why I brought up salinger because I think he's kind of one of the exceptions because we just can't you know
People want to find salinger failing and it's like oh, we wrote catcher on the right
I mean the literary equivalent of the episode of Seinfeld where George decides to just leave after he gets one joke in in a meeting
Everybody else that you admire in fact quite, you know, like Stephen King is a great example
as I'm sure now it's now it's kind of hip to kind of
Not say he's good at anything, but certainly one of the most prolific like sorry Stephen
If you're listening or your son or anyone that loves you your caretakers. Why am I? Why do I do that?
But not that anyone thinks Stephen King's good
Honey, what was it Dean has something against Stephen King, I don't know
But I think it's cool that you're driving even though I'm a guy
They got to get to that I'm the guy to my voice is just a higher register
Why are why are you?
Holding those ice cream cones and lifting them up and down. I thought you might like one or the other
Do you like vanilla or chocolate I
Don't feel very secure in this conversation. So I don't know if I'm gonna
Volunteer information about what I like, but I'll tell you chocolate
Without letting you know whether that's why there is no chocolate. Fuck you see that doesn't hurt me because as I was saying
You don't have the power to hurt me and appreciate if you just let me out up here. Nope fucking problem at all
Moving these ice cream cones to the right. Yeah, just word of advice. I don't want your advice
Word of advice though in case you don't want your fucking advice close the fucking door close the fucking door word of advice
Don't you fucking don't you fucking physically to me?
Don't you physically intimidate me? Oh, give me a fucking break. Fuck you. Fuck you
Freeze
Freeze put the towels down
Give me give me the handcuffs. Where are the extra handcuffs? There's like four people here. We don't have enough handcuffs for all these corpses
Should we check in on the police brutality statistics? Yes
Okay, now these are coming in from Aaron who's our correspondent in Ireland. I don't know why she knows this about us
And so I'm not like I'm not saying these are accurate. So I
Feel like this huge I want to put this big giant
asterisk on this and say if I haven't said this already
Can you you have to believe one of two things which is that all cops are bad?
If you don't believe that which began that's a crazy thing to believe because it's just a dev absolute thing and none of
Those are true then what has to be true is that there's good cops out there and they must their hearts must be fucking broken right now
And that's I and I know it's not a great time to be like what about them
But I just I do I was like it's so easy to just be like but they're a fucking epidemic. Here's the numbers
The the well, here's the numbers from Aaron if she's wrong remember when that guy from Yahoo said we were one of 11 sitcoms to
Know, you know good to oh, yeah, and then people are like what about Sanford and son. It was like, okay one of 238 sitcoms. Uh-huh
By mark by March of 2015 US cops had killed more civilians this year than they did in the UK over the last hundred years
Yeah, so it's up. It's a hundred times more than Europe. Yeah every yeah year
US cops kill at an average rate of 70 times higher than other countries
Yeah, well whatever and then there's some there's some crazy shit that the it's it's an epidemic and
Dan cops are like Stephen King books
Most of them are very good
But occasionally he lets through a the mangler
Do you want to flip that? I think there's a there's a couple hits like there's a couple good ones and then
Only a couple good Stephen King books
It the stand the dark tower quadrilogy
Plus two more or whatever
Whatever seven books are in a series
He is writing for like middle school kids
It's all like eighth grade vocabulary. I
Mean that's the target audience
Fuck you
All right, well
Do you guys have any parting words for people who are interested in we police brutality
I mean, obviously people are gonna look for your podcast. It's called before you were funny
Which is funny calm? We're on feral audio on itunes, you know, if you look up before you're funny
You'll find it. Yeah, there's a lot of fun episodes with great people. Your episodes great Aaron had an episode. It's great
I'm not gonna say any episodes are bad. They're mostly very very
And who is the worst person that you ever? Oh, that's that's easy. No, I'm just kidding
It's a great a lot of great people have been on the show
And I'm certainly not going to publicly announce the ones that haven't been great
We do have a thing. Oh, yeah, I don't know. I mean, there's there's probably not
Like with blindly so this is something when you did the show that we didn't have time to
We haven't we haven't read it so I truthfully don't know what it is. Oh, no
Thank you feel free to say yes or no wait, I don't even know well
I'm just saying. Oh, no, but I mean we have to I mean we're not gonna do all that conversation of them
I don't I just I just I'm getting that weird like I'm seeing this and I'm recognizing. I think I
There's no date or anything on it
This has got to be it's done on a regular typewriter like a word processor typewriter
So it's got to be like it's heavily indented. Yes. Yeah, it's too heavily
Like I was learning to set margins while I was doing it
Yeah, I'm gonna I mean I I'm gonna guess like I was like I like fit that could be anywhere from 15 to
19 writing this
And but what how do we read it? I think it's a short story. So yeah, we can I'll do that
I'll do that. Well, it doesn't it seem like there's I see that there's a guy and a girl in this
So and so what if I what if I did this did the all the narrative and then and then one of you be Dan and one of you
be
Ashley
All right, and then the way that the podcast works is that anyone can chime in with with questions or thoughts
About what's being read. So if you guys have questions or thoughts or as you remember, maybe what this is from
You can tell us. Well, don't tell them they can ask questions. Sorry. Sorry. No offense guys
You're you're but they're very empowered sure
You know, there's like a kid with a gun like that would be like that would be like an adult with a gun
All right
So and and and my job my job like I'm a pussy if I don't just fucking commit to this
Like if I have to keep ruling my eyes and apologizing for it
You have to go for it like like that's I'm just talking to myself like I'm not gonna use like like like we get it
You don't think you you wrote good whatever like like like okay
This is by the way when you were asking about are there certain kinds of guests. This is what Sean Clements called the front porcher
Oh, yeah, yeah, you're really front porch to the sketch so you don't have to get to it ever
Okay, Dan stood on the beach his feet firmly planted in the sand
He stared out at the ocean the Sun was a fist-sized orange ball
Nestled and this is long so
You can't you can't see this but we talked about indenting this first paragraph is so indented
You can't see some of the letters in the sentences. I am. Yeah, I'm guessing at the word sand and soft. Yes
Fist-sized orange ball nestled and soft horizon long clouds
That's a long cloud. Ah, it's the standard cloud length also
It's as long as they can be
I
Seagulls were making calm passes in search and then the paragraph ends
So I think this is me like stopping and starting this is like 80s style
Oh, yeah, Dan stood on the beach his feet firmly planted in the sand
He stared out at the ocean the Sun was a fist-sized orange ball nestled in soft horizon long clouds
seagulls were making calm passes in search of food and
And their rhythmic cries countered the ponderous soothing bellow of the water stroking the shore
Thank you so much
But paragraph two the war was over
I'm starting to get kind of proud of this
The cities were leveled and empty
The humans were dead
All of them if it wasn't clear
If they hadn't died in the war they had plugged themselves into the utopia net and
And uploaded their minds There was no way for them to come back, but they didn't want to
No one could all one word. No one all one word. No one is all one word. Nope
Noon could resist
The immortality and the omnipotence
Not one person
Thought that having the whole planet to them self was better than utopia
Utopia was forever and it was anything you wanted it to be and yes, this predates the matrix
It was nothing Dan didn't want to hang around either, but he had to his mind was incompatible with the network
I'm starting to do a sarcastic read
Ashley surprised him from behind with a tall glass of milk
Why didn't you guys come out with this on a flagpole, why did you save this? Oh before we go
By the way, we only have 30 seconds left, but we want to bring this really long story
Okay, so so Ashley surprised behind with a tall glass of milk. I thought you might be back here
She said listen, there's a lot of stuff. I want to do
Do you think Disneyland will work? I mean do the electric companies keep going and stuff?
We got to find all that out. We're not getting any younger
Her mind was also tragically non-uploadable
So so earlier when we said that all of the people who were alive
No one was alive. We met except for these two people. Yeah, well everyone that didn't die in the war plug themselves into utopia net
And and and I'm I'm stuck getting to have sex for the first time in my life
Over a nice glass of milk
What's the big deal I'm
I'm as old as 19 I
Dan touch Dan touched your cheek and smiled a genuine smile
Pumpkin we're the youngest people in the world
Not really honey, not if life begins with conception
Which which it does which it does this isn't true you find out later it does
I'm pretty sure I'm kind of pregnant. This is before Joss Whedon
Well, if you're not already you're sure gonna be
I
Figure it's unavoidable what with a drastic decrease in the prices of hotels and champagne
Due to everyone but us being dead
Is that ironic that seems like winking at itself almost she giggled a
Person dying was sad five people dying was horrible ten people dying would make you cry
and
Seeing a hundred bite it
Might give you nightmares for the rest of your life. I don't then walk you all the way up through the Holocaust
Five million five hundred thousand
The logic is that a hundred is once it becomes insane and then after that hundred and one hundred and two six million
Yes, exactly
I'm making a major but South American invasions are only upsetting as is third world famine and
and the sinking of an American battleship and
everyone on the
And everyone on the planet being dead except for you and your boyfriend
Hell that's just fucking hilarious
So they both laughed for about a minute
Embraced kissed and made love there in the warm sand
An hour later they were walking hand-in-hand
I got to make sure she's pregnant
The hour later they were walking hand-in-hand through previously unsafe neighborhoods top topical
They were on fire for the most part looter looters
Unsafe
Looters during the past few days had seen the end of the world as a great opportunity to steal television sets and shoot each other
No, that's television. Oh, sorry. Sorry. I thought you said television set like a singular
Typo nice one Spencer. Hey, that's Ryan. That's what you're you all are waiting for when I was gonna get him back, right? I
found my moment
In the green room Ryan
Was saying that he was a mensch for trying to get his friend in for free to the show Spencer you dick
That was not my friend. That was a stranger named Connor. Where are you Connor? Do I know you?
That was exactly what happened. I heard you say I can't get in I can't get in I drove 45 minutes and I said
Watch what this guy does
And I went into the green room and I pulled some strings and now look at you second row
Well, well, I take that back. Yeah. Yeah, you really are a mensch. Yeah, thank you
I thought that was a friend. I'm a mensch now back to you. I don't think
that
Do they know Spencer you don't point out that you're a mensch. I
Don't think back to you Dan. Yeah, I mean I'm like on the like where it was television sets
Uh television sets of looters during the public shoot each other. That was funny, too
This was before Columbine
Well, it was charismatic to not care as a 15 year old and no one had done anything about it yet
They found an undamaged Buick with the key and Buick like I know what a car is
They found an undamaged Buick with the keys and the ignition and drove it to Dan's home
But it was completely burnt to the ground son of a bitch Dan said I had a thousand dollars worth of computer equipment in there
Wait, what do we make of that? That was that was that was
All right, it's a ton of money plus also if you're gonna be uploading people to utopia net you need a computer equipment. Yeah
Yeah
Ashley's place wasn't hurt at all. I think that was my equivalent of going like I lost my skateboard
You know, like I thought that having that much a computer equipment made me cool. I
Ashley's place wasn't hurt at all. So they spent an hour there
And we know what takes an hour there's no it's only one thing takes an hour
Ashley Ashley cried
And cried and then laughed and they took her parents Pontiac
Grand Am because it had a CD player at it and because my parents had a potty at Grand Am
And they were already starting to miss the constant barrage of broadcast information
We don't age to
Were you about to say we don't have to read the whole thing I just know you guys have stuff to get to
Well, let's let's let's just go a little faster. Let's go a little faster
Well, wait, no wait, this is a different thing
Really? Yeah, this is not what is this? I like this. What is I mean?
This is the file. I don't know. Yeah, this is I don't know what this is pretend this is part of the same story
Maybe why don't we save this for next week because this looks this looks this looks a thousand times more embarrassing
I know
I always say what we're gonna play we're gonna play shadow run
Alright, you're fine. Alright, fuck you guys. Alright, we'll read it. This is the thing
But I'm telling you I could just tell I just it's just it's just wafting off of it
I'm like I'm seeing random words and we're going no I know because I think this is like I don't even think this is a story
I ride ahead. It's not as compelling. I'm sorry. Oh, yeah
I think this is like free writing or something. Yeah, this is not how do we read how do we read this one?
Do we do we even know what to do with it? Yeah, I don't know if there's characters or we could do it looks
I'm thinking that by and large it looks like a dialogue between two people. Yeah, so if you try to go every other line
I mean, do you guys just want to try it? Yeah, that's it
You know what these are John what beautiful man? They're cool. Seriously don't lie to me about stuff like that
I don't lie John
If I thought they were shitty photographs and and your bed looked nice, I'd tell you your bed looked nice
As it turns out though your bed is a bear come stained mattress and your photographs are great to be clear
That's B. A. R. E. Not a bear, you know animal
That would be weird
There's a world where could happen
A friend of mine told me that there's a place in Chicago that like discovers amateur photographers
I got their number and stuff this friend of his or something made like a whole bunch of money through them
And he's like fucking famous now. Mmm
Maybe that was like a mm-hmm like
Deuce do so you think I could make money doing stuff like this. What do you want money for and what is this?
No offense, but it's not real clear
Well, you know, why does anyone want money for food and stuff?
That's a picture of a soda cup in a theater. I split it. It's not real good built it. Come on. Oh, sorry
In fairness that was spelled correctly. We ever spilt it built it built it
It's not a real good photograph
But I wanted to remember it because I kind of got like this big idea in my head when it happened
This is before American Beauty
It
Was one of those things like on TV when something happens to somebody or they see something that kind of changes their life
Laugh in parentheses
Well, what happened wait, don't tell me you spilled your soda and your friends ridiculed you and got loud and someone in back said
Shut up to them and they said shut up back and a fight broke out later and they blame the entire thing on you
No, nothing like that
Really shut down that nameless friend. Oh
Well, that happened to me I guess so
so
No, I spilled my soda right and I'm like pretty much in the middle of the theater and the floor slopes down, you know
So the soda big fucking soda, man
This is probably after reservoir dogs, I'm just assuming I don't know I can't tell why is that in parentheses
Is he speaking in parentheses? No, I think I didn't know how I didn't know you just do a dash
Oh, I think this is before reservoir dogs and after I read something by David Mamet
I'm trying to place this. Oh, I see. Yeah, it's big cuz like that's your foot, right? Right. Yeah. Yeah
So it's like bigger than my foot and um
There's a lot of soda and it flows downhill into everyone's feet that's sitting in front of me makes sense
All the people in front of me start turning around and looking back like who's spilling shit on my feet, man
And they're all looking at me. So, you know what you're gonna, you know, what are you gonna do you?
turn around
I
Turn around and the guys behind me. They ain't got no soda on their feet, but they do got 50 people turning around looking at them. So
They turn around because they're thinking are they looking at something really neat behind me and every everybody's doing this
And there's this loudmouth big guy
That's everyone's afraid about a quarter everyone's afraid of presumably about a quarter way from the back and he starts up
What the hell's going on? What and all of a sudden the movie goes out of oh, that's not I don't think that's dialogue anymore
There was no end quote, right. Oh, excuse the fuck
And the movie goes out of focus see I think a guy in the booth
Thing up there. I thought that everyone was turning around going what the hell because it was out of focus
So he tried focusing, but he fucked it all up. So then everybody really does start yelling all caps focus
Focus and so he eventually gets it back to normal
That's before Play-Doh's cave
Play-Doh's Play-Doh's cave had not happened yet
Okay, well
I'm really glad I didn't spend the whole interview going like what's with these fucking assholes have come up with this shit
That's embarrassing. What's wrong with them?
Because I know it would have been like you too
That's amazing that you guys kept that stuff around Jacob and Justin everybody
Before you were funny is the name of their show and when you listen to it your spirit will grow
It will grow from the pain that you feel inside because when you were younger your ego was wide
I remember when you made that sound over there, buddy. I'd said something I thought was funny and you were like
Well, it sounds like you're making a shit sound with your mouth
You're killing me
Two different sounds for a reason laughter other than the poop sound
It's like a boo
Get your shit together
Did you when you were a kid when you were younger, did you did you write a lot a little bit? Yeah, you got anything
Around you. Yeah, I've got some archives. I
Mean to be honest, I'm at this level now
Well as we are kind of approaching with them and it's sort of a it's it's sort of a subjective thing
Cuz I kind of feel like I feel like the people in the audience like
Having been them and heard hearing like other people be so laid bare
It's like it's it's not it's for the person that it's for that's sharing the stuff. It's like
God, I don't know the metaphor is it's like like everyone the actual cut is as deep and it's like nice to learn
That it's not that deep but but it's interesting to see that the person that's
The person that's receiving the cut thinks that it's gonna cut their whole arm off
And then watching it not do that because everyone's just like
Yeah, what is what how good a writer do you think you are now and uh?
Well, how much do you think I care if you were ever a good writer and also
Like isn't that the first honest the last honest thing you ever wrote in your life because you were like I try to get you pregnant
Because you're like you didn't know you're just like honest expressing something was that part of some longer
Story novella. I was only I was just I was I was a wrote a thousand of those things
It was just like I was trying to like I was like, oh, I can see it
We can see
You can see myself getting laid on a beach because the world ended because of robots about utopian that I
Want to know more about yeah, that's the trouble
That's when you really have to write a story and stuff
But I was just more into the you know like when Michaels Michael Scott when they find the posters that he made for his movie
I know it's one of those people, but I couldn't drop posters
You know, so I just wrote page ones of a lot of like really really immersive
Stories about me getting laid
When I was really young I would write sequels to movies. It's like watch thing. Yeah, I'm a match
I was in the middle of something or I would have said bless you
So really you should have said I'm sorry because I was in the middle of something
Bless you. Thank you
You're sorry, it's okay
Bless you
All right, what was I taught who cares I wrote a bunch of stuff when I was a kid who cares. All right. I also used to
No, never mind. I
When I was first when I was first masturbating I
I uh, I would I
Go on I would I would do I was a kneeler and
And I there was no lock on my bedroom door, so and I just like at the height of my frenzy I
Would just go into my bedroom door
close the door
drop my pants
kneel and jerk off right under the door and
Much like Philip Seymour Hoffman's character and happiness I would I would not like clean it up. I would like um wonderful
This is all part of the thing
Like because I thought like well, who would ever know what that is
No one's that's not gonna be anyone's first guess
Who would think a good person would come that much on a door?
What color was your door?
What what color was your door after a while yellow?
Let's move on I
Was I was just that that's what that's the memory that came back to me
Well, I was reading that when the guy going like you know gonna you're gonna get pregnant pretty soon for if I know me
Like and then just like that's all I was was just like this little
Useless that jackhammer. Did you have this in your hand while you're doing that? I didn't jerk off to my own writing Ridley
Why not? I
Did write stuff that I did where I tried to cheat the system with the pornography
Did you ever did you ever write you were right?
porn for yourself, of course I
drew it to
I'm not ashamed
Yeah, thank you
All you non-wors
Loosen up. Did you find that it worked? Yeah
Still does
Wait, wait, what do you mean still does what you still you don't still write you don't type out
Sexual scenarios and then masturbate to them you do
if you do if you do then let me retract all of my
Funny faces like I because we want to know that'd be a weird podcast people reading the pornography that they
That would be fucking insane. That would be the most thing that would be the most extreme, right?
Especially from when you were 15
Which is when I was really doing it man. Oh
Gravy
What would that even have been I don't even know everyone remember how judgmental Dan was when I first brought it up and now
He's just confessing
Flood gates are open. Yeah. All right Ridley
Yeah, let's bring up to morge
For God's sake
Can we for God's sake can we can we get to morge up here?
Is that what you heard it was more laconic I
Was like let's bring up to morge. Like I was like grumpy like
Like I needed you the whole time, but I wasn't willing to admit it
That's not what you know what we got it like like this isn't this isn't the right time of the show to do maintenance, but
for next week and all
Weeks thereafter
We got to get some kind of
Implement for the ice because when I want to make people a drink. I don't want to touch their ice
Tom claw Tom's
Tom's would be fine a scoop a
large spoon
And you know what we've never asked anything of this venue
We let them sell their comic books up front and they
And we do our little show back here, and it's always been it's been a it's been a detente
But if shit goes down if there's if there's not some tongs here next week
I don't know what that is that the Star Trek theme
It's like a Confederate harmonica fireside sort of
Whimsy Chris McKenna had the theme from the last Starfighter in his iphone
And he would start playing it every time I every time I went into a rant about something
And then I would say that it was like this weird feedback loop where I was like, do you like me or hate me?
Therapist told me to breathe
Wusha Wusha. What's what was that? Oh, it's just yeah. Oh, you just made it work make up it. Well, you will okay
Allow it into yourself. I might have been up might have been a small racist part of me
That thought that maybe that was a real word that you were teaching us
And might have been the most racist part of my brain of all
They're like, uh, mouth noises. Oh, yes, I'm sorry. Sorry
Roll them around like savory pieces of meat
Allow the flavors to tell you what they tell you about yourself
It's that you're on do research. It's that time of the show
When we when we play shadow run
And it's that time of the show when we we haven't had a we haven't had a lady up when it's only just a coincidence
So I'd like to ask if anyone wants to come up to the stage
But I won't be picking you if you if you have a if you present as a male
Rex I got you said you said I'll come up you raised your hand first, but but but or I actually you were in my field of vision
She's been up that clinches it you haven't you haven't been up to have you
All right
You're from where? Oh from Australia. Okay shit. You won't you
You won't be our first Australian, but we we we love them. We love them. We don't love them all
We don't know that there might be bad people for most of us a fond of you as well
Yeah, excellent. I'm working on what's your name? I'm Melanie. Hi Melanie. Hello. This is DeMorge. My name is Dan Harmon
I got high before the show and that's Ryan Ridley and it's that's the audience. That's Anna Tolle
He puts his feet way out
It's fine. You don't have to tuck them in
I'm disappointed. There's no cat sweater. Yeah, and it told you to hear your Russian friends
They're like, oh the puller ice caps are melting that means we can put our legs out on the globe
And they and each leg will suck in more oil so we can make more ice cap melting yeah, you guys are crazy
I told Dan about that vice segment at dinner tonight. You guys got dinner? Yeah. I
Sure didn't I?
Yeah, yeah, I care
He asked me why you don't drive me to the to the show and I said cuz I cuz it's his it's his time
To make his D&D's. That's true. I make yep
He was not making any D&D's. Oh, no this D&D was made months ago
All right, let's so Melanie. Have you have you heard the show?
I have yes, so you kind of is there a character you you've always wanted to play we'll give you first choice
I'd like to play dr. Friend if I could okay, all right
I feel like he would go off well as an Australian
We gonna find out
That's called Washawn what he just did
I'm taking that back to Australia. I'm gonna introduce it to the people wait. Okay. Well, can you guys figure it out?
It's top-down. Okay. Well, you always get okay. That always happens one that says it down the morges
There we go. All right, and we're good with this. This is the number of people we need right?
So you're right. You're Jeff Davis. Thank you, Ridley. You have no idea what you're doing, right?
You're playing Eve Liberty. That's Jeff Davis's character. I don't know where we are either two more just two more
Just play Aaron Aaron is not here. Do we need a replacement for her? No
Oh
No, we have no face person. I mean anyone's a face person if you believe
All it takes is a face
All right, well you get a recap and then we'll just let's just jump in and see how it goes
Yeah, oh um, so I made an email address
It's it's Harmontown Run if you have a Harmontown Shadow Run recap
Just send it to Harmontown Run at Gmail that'll make it easier for everyone
This one was brought to you by ebb and burgoon who also wrote a different one that I said he didn't do but he did it
Okay
That's all taken care of
last time on Shadow Run
With one last drink in a decision the gang hopped into their uber and set out to claim their reward from Johnson
After some shrewd negotiations the crew handed over the BTL chip research and yellowman to the scheming corporate stooge
They were all smiles as Johnson gave them the hefty attache case
Filled with the sweet sweet paper money of this digital age
Those smiles quickly faded to horror as they watched their nefarious employer shoot out the
Or shoot the unarmed yellowman his splattered blood now on their hands pants and faces
The question of their ethics barely coming into question until the noise from the Johnson driving away
Turned to the sound of muted beeps from their briefcase
Will our shadow runners ever get that next drink will they soon join Jesse yellowman in
In nanohell is the meter still running on their uber and do they take paper money? We find out now on Harmontown
Well
I'm I'm thinking
This is gonna go the briefcase is beeping and start running
We can't just throw it out of window. This is your apartment
I think we're in a you're in a you're in a parking lot fence sort of area like a transpose lot
So I I'm I'm just running
Can I not throw a physical barrier up around the suitcase? You absolutely can do that. I'm gonna do that. All right
Well, I'll just say whilst we're running
Well, well, you have to concentrate
I'm gonna concentrate and do that while everyone else runs. I'm gonna nobly sacrifice sacrifice myself possibly all right
Nobly sacrificing yourself you throw up a force dome
Around the briefcase as it's beeping is muted by the the sound or not the sound by the barrier
You can't hear it beeping. It's just chilling
It's just chilling and may have made a mistake
We now can't hear it beeping
So if it beeps faster as it counts dead, let's run
No, I'm right. I'm well, I'm I've seen her doing this and I'm so now I'm I'm I need to play off my shame and go like
Oh good. Yeah, I was good. I was good. I was clearing everybody out
So I think it's good what you're doing. That's good
We shouldn't be able to hear it beeping that the beeping comes through the explosion medium. Well
We should maybe move away if you can back up while you're creating that barrier. I'll make sure the path behind you is clear
Holder guard
runs to dr. Friend wraps an arm around dr. Friend lifts dr. Friend up and
Runs away with the package using strength and agility
The package the person of the friend
Okay, yeah, you run away towards the ends of the transpo lot. You don't see anything happen
Now you're just far away from a force field dome
You hear the sounds the sounds of people moving maybe some sort of crowd or March
People are moving footstep sounds coming from far off. You realize you're not in the best area of town
Using my ability to detect enemies
I'm trying to see if there is anything that sparks inside of me
Using your detect enemy skill your perception shifts and you can start to see the flickering souls of life around you in the
Transpo lot you can see the warm auras of your friends
sparkling with vitality
But also much dimmer flickers many many flickers something some
Entities have damaged souls some sort of weird magical interference, but there's lots of them and they're they're all surrounding you
So those of us with weapons should probably find them
close at hand and we should stick together and
Look to be prepared
For some sort of what what are you looking at? What are you talking about? Well? I just have a feeling that they're sort of
It's things are going to go a bit Minnesota in a minute
You hear hissing and moaning is that Minnesota?
It certainly is in California. I'll tell you that month
But I digress I
Mean like that kind of sound like zombies or something they kind of do
Why are they flickering are they like hologram zombies?
His his enemy sense has the ability to read people's auras
But people who are unhealthy or maybe afflicted by various things might have flickering or damaged auras
All right, well just tell me where to shoot
I
Don't say anybody does any
Way that I can get location on this or there's just sort of in the on the periphery
There's easily more than 30 30 individuals. They're kind of all surrounding the general neighborhood
It's like they're fanning out walking around as if something's roused them
Why have lifted my Ari's Alpha assault rifle with the left hand and on the right the combat axe
You guys do the best you can do
I'm sure I find find what weapon you have do we have a place we could all meet in case we get separated
Well, I can't physically hurt someone who hasn't hurt me first. So I'm sticking with you
Okay
You can carry me right
Get these smart link perhaps
Smart link to future Uber or whatever this vehicle is and possibly get some thought of exit to egress from this situation
Yeah, you could hail an Uber
Then this is what this is what I have done
So we're not gonna hang around and check it out at all
It's doing that thing where you can see all those cars, but no one's biting, you know
I'm gonna go I'm gonna go up to the roof so that I can protect everybody
You're in a fenced area just like a like a parking lot. All right. I'm gonna go over the fence
To this and then I'm gonna seek higher ground like a brave cat
At the at the humane society in a cage with one shelf at the top
Just higher ground. It makes me more comfortable. I I saw I saw a guy get killed on the ground once
and
Kind of triggers me
So I'm gonna go up. I could cover you from here
Perhaps I know I'm
From what what what just muzzle raised. I'm covering you in case some sort of action should happen. No, I'm
You said you're going. Well, I'm good. I was good. I thought we were all gonna go. Oh
It's a team operation. We're retreating. I
Thought you're just going on the roof to watch out for us. I was gonna go up the roof because I'm scared, okay?
Okay, obviously it's come got you that one us to follow you. I
Don't think you can so I think I have to leave you behind and go up to a higher place where I don't die
So the one who is so full of so much bluster with monologues and everything. Do you have a monologue for insecurity? I
Don't think there's time for it. I'm scared. I'm scared of things on the ground. It's my thing
But but the money's on the ground. So so via com link or whatever that is sure
What's the sitch what do you see people do you see zombies? What's going on? No, he said he saw
I haven't seen anything yet
Tell us what you see look around. I'm
What I see is my hands climbing over a chain link fence getting out of the fence area
And I'm asking if I also see you guys coming with me or if I have to make up a lie about what happened to you
To my friends at the bar
I'm in
Might I try and is there some sort of distance that can I try to mind link with some of these darker souls?
What does this you're not within range of any any mind linkable as I suspected
So what I did well to there's two votes in that direction
So I would say that then hold the guard will follow as will dr. Friend
Heading over the fence you climb upon the roof of an old devastated gas station. Told you there's a roof
What you see is people milling about they look all weird and screwed up
They definitely have sorts of skin conditions as well as white skin
like white white like pale
Albino style white you see their eyes are crusted over as if they are blinded and they're
In their hands are covered in gnarled claws as if they've been twisted by some sort of dark force or virus
You recognize them to be ghouls. That is to say people who have been infected by the HMH VV virus
Too soon
They're milling about they haven't noticed you but something has brought them out of the woodwork
They haven't noticed us. No, no, they're just milling about blind style. Oh, how many lots like ocean
No, like like 40 40
Do I do have I encountered ghouls before oh, yeah, I mean ghouls they're everywhere
It's it possible to use spell casting to sort of I
Feel like we should just fight them right? I mean this is dying up here. I mean come on. Let's do something. Come on
Let's fight
Do we fight one or do we separate one and see if we can cure them
We could easily run away
The only thing that's keeping us here is that do we want to fight 40 ghouls for a briefcase full of paper money?
That's ticking right beeping. They've got HMH V, man. How hard can they be to defeat?
It's I got all kinds of magic spells and stuff. I'm sure you guys got some weapons
Let's do this. You and the doctor maybe take
Take your shot
Well, can I Spencer? Yeah, this says can't physically hurt someone who hasn't hurt me first true
Are they technically trying to hurt me? Well, uh, you haven't seen them try and hurt you
But you know your morals they slacken from time to time. So
Let's do this. Well, what if they thank you? All right, fine. I'm with you sister
Talking to Ridley. Yeah, I'm Eve libertine
All right. Well, okay, I guess I'll guess for lack of anything better to do as the guy who can only shoot guns
I'll just run down and go
Ah and shoot my gun
I'm sure you'll be right there to help me. Absolutely. Um, I have severe seafood addiction a
Distinctive style I'm sure that
Well, how do I kill things Spencer? What do I do? Where am I looking here? I mean you have like some guns somewhere
I'm like I shoot them
All right, where at the ghouls, okay, and Dan you're just running you're running down. I'm going
I have both guns in my hand and I'm just firing
Okay, just what I got also is firing part of what I'm doing is sarcastic
Because I'm tired of people saying I'm a coward
But the truth is the I'm a tactician and a and a procrastinator
But if this is bravery
So who's all doing stuff I got you to anyone else doing anything
Can I fire the audience assault rifle? Just yep blanket the area
Sure now we're talking and I have a ranged weapon. Mm-hmm. I'd like to shoot that as well. Okay
So everyone's just shooting. All right
Jim nightblade leaps off the top of the gas station and launches himself into the fray firing while yelling
semi-sarcastic Lee
He pops two or three ghouls in their body parts as Eve libertine also fires her weapons
Oh, yeah at the ghouls dropping. Let me use some of this astral combat too. Oh
I see there's a four next to it. That's not a gun though. It's combat
All right utilizing his astral combat, he realizes all the ghosts he could be attacking right now
Oh ha ha ha
I'll get to them later
Continuing to hail to hail the enemy with their fiery bullets. I don't know what the fuck
Anyway firing many automatic weapons
bullets plunge into the zombies
killing at least
Killing seven of them. No, see that's good. It's good
Three surround Jim nightblade, but the rest seem to be scared and running away. Did you say 30 three? Oh
Not not too bad. Yeah
They lunge nano whip. Well, they're lunging. Well, nano whip their lunge. They
Lunge and you yeah, no, you definitely dodge out of the way. Whoa, it seems that ghouls
Are not too dexterous looks like you guys aren't too dexterous
Might I recommend some calisthenics in the morning and oh not being a ghoul
Ghoul burn
I
Where'd you go? Yeah, what happened? Yeah, I mean obviously take a shit, right? No other reason to leave
very subtle
Horde guard with his combat sense expertly drops a few zombies as an adduce
Then he sees Jim nightblades being surrounded
Being surrounded by ghouls. I called in the airstrike. Oh
Horde guard you got you got crazy reflexes. You're the only one who can act right now
So obviously your skills of focus on it the negative, right? I
I guess it could have been a peepee. No
It was it was the latter
That was fast on
You didn't yeah, yeah, we'll talk about it. We'll talk about later
Soil and soil and blue is not what it used to be
Um save him horde guard from zombies
Using a
Blades I'm tossing blades
Okay, what what blades do you have to toss?
The what the sort of blades I think the combat hatchets the only the only blade you have so I'm going to
Actually, I'm not going to toss. I'm gonna wield it. I'm gonna walk into the situation
Moving as fast as I can reacting quickly and swinging
Wait, what with me? Okay murderous intent with anything that is a problem
Walking quickly with murderous intent
You
Wield your axe wildly you leap off the gas station roof you land on top of a zombie
Coming down with your hatchet you cleave the other one in half in twain. This is like I what I'd like to call it right in twain
Cleft in twain was it's a really old D&D thing we did once
Yeah episode 8 it's something like those are the days
One zombie remains
Really really oh a lot of them scan last he just killed two now. We're the bad guys. We're just gonna gather
Just start taunting it and waiting for a zombie cop to show up to say is it possible that horde guard could fly off
A fire off a flashback. Yep flashbang sure to possibly stop stop the zombie in his tracks. Well, it's blind
But the concussion sure might do a thing
Do we need to question this zombie sorry before we kill yeah, yeah find out what it knows I
Know I'm the overzealous one, but everybody Eve Eve's everybody stand down Eve's gonna question the zombie the ghoul
All right get in there
I mean I can heal things well what I'm saying. Well if he doesn't talk or she then
We don't heal. We'll say tell us the truth and she'll heal you right. Yeah, all right
You get what I'm saying you guys you guys your fingers in the pools of the ghoul population
What I'm doing is I'm pushing my thumb into the ghoul's wound trying to you know
Get it to talk you want to make physical contact with an infected good waiting in HHM VVV
Well, just okay ghoul you come on come on ghoul
Tell them what you know about wandering the streets of
The future and trying to eat people why are you here powers? There's no ghoul captain
We're not that they just came out of a play they didn't come out of the suitcase. There's no
We can't reason with the middle. Yeah, why are you assuming all this?
Even if we could is what I'm saying if what if they were the smartest rats in the world
But what are you doing rat? He'd be like, what do you think I'm walking around and shit?
You're here in my story. It's not I'm interrogating you the ghoul should be asking us. What where can I eat you?
He has no information for us. He's a mouth with legs
This is some kind of crazy cyber steampunk world. I don't know the rules are it's half magic half technology
I don't know what ghouls are in this world. I have some facility with spell casting. Is there some sort of a spell?
I'm searching my brain trying to pull out something that might
Latch on to that kernel of human that might still be left within the zombies consciousness
I mean, I don't know man. You got to check your spells. I have said the level is five. I don't I'm looking at
I'm gonna go over to the briefcase. Well, this is happening. Okay, is it still so while Spencer is laughing
Does it still have the barricade on it? Yeah. Yeah, it does I
I uh, I go. Hey, you want to lower the barricade up this encounters make me
Ancy sure I'll lower the barricade you do that you hear beeping I
Open the briefcase you see nothing inside except for a small transiefer fucking cock getting beeping shit fucker
The ghoul that Ridley was talking to starts going crazy and craze it starts thrashing around trying to swipe at anything within reach
But they put a fucking ghoul magnet and the goddamn God gold is tricking the fucking book
Fucking ghoul magnet
We fell for the goddamn three-card money of 2057
It's like it's like what are we fucking idiots?
So are you stomping on it or anything or do you want me to put the barrier back up again?
Oh, just I mean no take the ghoul magnet. It's if we can sell it at a fair
What can we turn it off? Well, okay? I mean can you turn it off really by killing the ghoul like the ghoul magnet?
I mean honestly, I you're talking to a person who's just at the end of his rope
I just feel like such an idiot. I've changed my mind so many times on this job
No, we get the guy killed. We didn't do anything right. I'm a bad shadow runner. We got tricked by a ghoul magnet
Hold a gun fires off a shock round in the direction of the flashing threeling threshing beast
In the hopes that this will stop him from hoping you mean the ghoul, right? Yes, the ghoul you do that and it does that
I noted Melissa
So at least we've solved this
Melanie no, I know my place now. That's okay
The ghoul is down for the count ghoul magnet
All right, well, but not forever in the interim you two can work this out for yourselves
Well, now you know what happens. We're gonna figure out how they end the end of the chapter
dramatic pickup of the briefcase
The brief it's an empty briefcase. Somebody gave us this ghoul magnet, right? Yeah
Oh, but who the people that we're here and shot every but I wasn't I don't know I'm new to this story. I don't know
It's the people they hired us. They they we don't know who they are. They're the people that wanted the
Information about the BTL chicks. Can we look at like a serial number on the ghoul magnet trace it back to its manufacturer?
And then find out who ordered and all that kind of stuff
Why not? I mean the funniest thing in the world would be if we ended up on a different adventure at a ghoul magnet factory
That's a big response. Thank you for responding
Oh
Ryan Ridley our guest-comptroller
Melanie our Australian
Dr. Fred de Merge Brown
our long-suffering
hard poop and soccer fan
Spencer crittenden
Nemesis Chris our director in the back and Kevin
All the people that Jeff's normally supposed to thank so I have an excuse for not not thinking about now
Zach
Mania see you next week. Did you get any of that?